29-43-more meaningful function names (#46)
NLESC-JCER/cpp2wasm: README.md

  - [CGI script](#cgi-script)
- [this Apache2 configuration snippet is stored as apache2/apache2.conf](#this-apache2-configuration-snippet-is-stored-as-apache2apache2conf)
  - [Web framework](#web-framework)
  - [Python](#python)
    - [Accessing C++ function from Python](#accessing-c-function-from-python)
    - [Web application](#web-application)
- [this Python code snippet is later referred to as <<py-calculate>>](#this-python-code-snippet-is-later-referred-to-as-py-calculate)
- [this Python snippet is stored as src/py/webapp.py](#this-python-snippet-is-stored-as-srcpywebapppy)
    - [Long-running tasks](#long-running-tasks)
- [this Python code snippet is later referred to as <<celery-config>>](#this-python-code-snippet-is-later-referred-to-as-celery-config)
- [this Python code snippet is later referred to as <<py-submit>>](#this-python-code-snippet-is-later-referred-to-as-py-submit)
- [this Python snippet is stored as src/py/webapp-celery.py](#this-python-snippet-is-stored-as-srcpywebapp-celerypy)
    - [Web service](#web-service)
- [this yaml snippet is stored as src/py/openapi.yaml](#this-yaml-snippet-is-stored-as-srcpyopenapiyaml)
  - [JavaScript](#javascript)

>     - [Accessing C++ function from JavaScript in web browser](#accessing-c-function-from-javascript-in-web-browser)

Reviewer: Your toc generator is parsing chapters from codeblocks. This is not right, please undo the toc updates.

Author: It was one of the VSCode extensions causing the issue. Fixed now.

The algorithm is explained in [this video series](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cOmAk82cr9M).
The code we are using came from [geeksforgeeks.org](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/program-for-newton-raphson-method/).

Let's first define the mathematical function, which we will be searching for its root, and the derivative of it.

```{.hpp file=src/algebra.hpp}
// this C++ code snippet is later referred to as <<algebra>>

namespace algebra
{

// An example equation is x^3 - x^2  + 2
double equation(double x)
{
  return x * x * x - x * x + 2;
}

> // Derivative of the above equation which is 3*x^x - 2*x

Author: done

The algorithm is explained in [this video series](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cOmAk82cr9M).
The code we are using came from [geeksforgeeks.org](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/program-for-newton-raphson-method/).

> Let's first define the mathematical function, which we will be searching for its root, and the derivative of it.

Reviewer: Add equation to formula, maybe use docsify-katex plugin to render it.

Reviewer: https://github.com/upupming/docsify-katex

> The implementation would look like

Reviewer: This sentence was for `<<algorithm>>` code block, now the codeblock is the equation we want to find the root for.
Please replace sentence with equation intro.

Author: done

```{.hpp file=src/algebra.hpp}

> // this C++ code snippet is later referred to as <<algebra>>

Reviewer: Please match the comment with the info string
```suggestion
// this C++ code snippet is stored as  src/algebra.hpp
```

namespace algebra
{

// An example equation is x^3 - x^2  + 2
double equation(double x)
{
  return x * x * x - x * x + 2;
}

> // Derivative of the above equation which is 3*x^x - 2*x

Reviewer: `x^x` is a regression, it should be `x*x`, please merge master into this branch.

Author: done

double derivative(double x)
{
  return 3 * x * x - 2 * x;
}

} // namespace algebra
```

> ```{.cpp #algorithm}

Reviewer: Add intro sentence to this code block

Author: done

Reviewer: nice

{

> // An example function is x^3 - x^2  + 2

Reviewer: Also use equation in comments
```suggestion
// An example equation is x^3 - x^2  + 2
```

double equation(double x)
{
  return x * x * x - x * x + 2;
}

> // Derivative of the above function which is 3*x^x - 2*x

Reviewer: Also use equation in comments
```suggestion
// Derivative of the above equation which is 3*x^x - 2*x
```

} // namespace rootfinding
```

> Finally, we can write our simple CLI program. It would look like

Reviewer: finally seems a bit optimistic at the start of the guide
```suggestion
We are now ready to call the algorithm in a simple CLI program. It would look like
```

const epsilon = 0.001;
const finder = new module.NewtonRaphson(epsilon);
const guess = -20;
const root = finder.solve(guess);
```

> Append the root answer to the html page using [document manipulation functions](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ParentNode/append).

Reviewer: Not a append but a set or update

Reviewer: Where does 'answer' come from. Move html page up or explain that it's going to be made
